! Cisco Catalyst 3560CG — IOS 15.x
! Taken from the Oxidized backup of 3560CG-2, which had already redacted the key.
! 3560CG-1 is identical apart from its key and source address.
!
aaa new-model
!
aaa group server tacacs+ TAC-GROUP
 server name TAC-LAB
 ! Pin the source address to the management SVI, so it always matches the
 ! device's "address =" in tac_plus-ng.cfg whichever way the packet routes.
 ip tacacs source-interface Vlan99
!
! "local" at the end of a list is consulted only when the server is
! UNREACHABLE (error). A server that answers "no" (fail) is final — so a local
! account TACACS+ has never heard of cannot log in over SSH while the server is
! healthy. The console gets its own list for exactly that reason.
aaa authentication login default group TAC-GROUP local
aaa authentication login CONSOLE local
aaa authentication enable default group TAC-GROUP enable
!
! Modern IOS exempts the console from authorization unless told otherwise, and
! warns the line-level "authorization exec CONSOLE" is useless without this.
aaa authorization console
!
! if-authenticated: during a server outage, an already-authenticated TACACS+
! user keeps working. Without it the session stays open and every command fails.
aaa authorization exec default group TAC-GROUP local if-authenticated
aaa authorization exec CONSOLE local if-authenticated
aaa authorization commands 15 default group TAC-GROUP local if-authenticated
!
aaa accounting exec default start-stop group TAC-GROUP
aaa accounting commands 15 default start-stop group TAC-GROUP
aaa session-id common
!
tacacs server TAC-LAB
 address ipv4 10.99.20.32
 key <PER_DEVICE_KEY>
 timeout 5
!
! Break-glass. Type 9 (scrypt) — replaced a type 5 ($1$ MD5) secret.
username <BREAKGLASS_USER> privilege 15 algorithm-type scrypt secret <BREAKGLASS_PASSWORD>
!
line con 0
 ! The console exec authorization is what reads "privilege 15" off the local
 ! user. Without it the console logs you in at privilege 1.
 authorization exec CONSOLE
 login authentication CONSOLE
line vty 0 4
 access-class MGMT-SSH-IN in
 transport input ssh
line vty 5 15
 access-class MGMT-SSH-IN in
 transport input ssh
